Add a documentation note about pip-system-certs (#696)
ansys/openapi-common: README.rst

     - ``.with_oidc()``
     -

HTTPS Certificates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ``requests`` library does not use the system certificate store to verify TLS certificates, it uses the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``requests`` library uses the ``certifi`` package to verify TLS certificates instead of a local system certificate store. These means only TLS certificates signed by a public CA can be verified by ``requests`` in its default configuration.
```

> ``certifi`` package. This means that if your service provides a certificate that is not publicly trusted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to verify locally-signed TLS certificates, there are two recommended approaches:
```

> there are two options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

pip-system-certs
================

The ``pip-system-certs`` library patches the certificate loading mechanism for ``requests`` causing it to

> use your system certificate store. This is the most seamless solution, but there are a two issues to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use your system certificate store. This is the simplest solution, but there are two potential limitations:
```

> aware of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. The library does not support every platform that is supported by python, so it may not

Reviewer: I think?

```suggestion
1. ``pip-system-certs`` does not support every platform that is supported by CPython, so it may not
```

> be possible for you to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be supported on your platform.
```

2. The change to ``requests`` affects every package in your environment, including pip. Make sure you are
using a virtual environment.

.. note::

>   If you are using OIDC authentication and your service provides a self-signed certificate you will need

Reviewer: I usually see self-signed certificates to be certificates without a CA at all, or at least a CA that is only used to sign a single cert for a single user. In this case, the term 'internally-signed certificate' seems to be used, where the CA is an internal CA.

```suggestion
  If you are using OIDC authentication and your service provides a internally-signed certificate you will need
```

  to use this option.

Custom certificate store
========================

> The ``SessionConfiguration`` object allows you to provide a path to a custom CA certificate, this will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``SessionConfiguration`` object allows you to provide a path to a custom CA certificate. If provided, this will be
```
